
---News---
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdotMain

---GameDev---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw gamedev # Game Maker's Toolkit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaoqVlqPTH78_xjTjTOMcmQ gamedev # Miziziziz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrv269YwJzuZL3dH5PCgxUw gamedev # CodeParade
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa5yts90Ol6QOHXxpEUkggQ gamedev # ThoughtQuake
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCov_51F0betb6hJ6Gumxg3Q gamedev # AI and Games
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY3A_5R_m3PXCn5XDhvBBsg gamedev "~The Architect of Games"

---Computers---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd0dc7kQA1FUpJ76o1EjLqQ programming         # LeiosOS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS0N5baNlQWJCUrhCEo8WlA programming         # Ben Eater
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w programming         # LiveOverflow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA programming         # Computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-yuWVUplUJZvieEligKBkA gamedev programming # javidx9
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA linux               # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg linux               # DistoTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA linux               # Brodie Robertson

---Edutainment---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q edutainment # Kuzgesagt - In a Nutshell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCILl8ozWuxnFYXIe2svjHhg edutainment # BPS.space
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w edutainment # CGP Grey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A edutainment # Tom Scott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw edutainment # 3Blue1Brown
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKzJFdi57J53Vr_BkTfN3uQ edutainment # Primer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj1VqrHhDte54oLgPG4xpuQ edutainment # Stuff Made Here
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA edutainment # Vsauce
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEIwxahdLz7bap-VDs9h35A edutainment # Steve Mould
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZFipeZtQM5CKUjx6grh54g edutainment # Isaac Arthur

---Entertainment---
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw entertainment # Internet Historian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8Q7XEy86Q7T-3kNpNjYgwA entertainment # Internet Historian: Incognito Mode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0a8nteER_pU4Aj6hmEyJAQ entertainment # kliksphilip
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEKJKJ3FO-9SFv5x5BzyxhQ entertainment # 2kliksphilip
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw entertainment # Cody'sLab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwSbtZ8H_Gx2GDme56CO7QQ entertainment # Simian Jimmy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIWD1MzoJTPt41tYce18I1w entertainment # TheBurgerkrieg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3_kehZbfRz-KrjXIqeIiPw entertainment # Leadhead
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj74rJ9Lgl3WTngq675wxKg entertainment # Noodle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4nJnJ-HO5vVbGlJ14rf5yg entertainment # DeSinc
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcnci5vbpLJ-rh_V9yXwawg entertainment # martincitopants
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDc2kFO8PE5V5DM7QctoiJg entertainment # davo_
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVIFCOJwv3emlVmBbPCZrvw entertainment # Joel Haver
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnVnnNneaz0E7aQPD_o0BQ entertainment # Value Select
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCifJdXqzDh7sLgq33eSyiDw entertainment # Bridge Stuart
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZs2ZKbNKGtHwm4Lwy94EYA entertainment # TripleBeppo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp_ldU-Ahd1mocYjFb2_RvQ entertainment # slouch

